So you'll notice that inside of
the project we have basically two
different data types.
We have the restaurant, we have dishes.
And so just like the RestaurantCard
where we added PropTypes to the dish,
we need you to do the same for the dish.
And so inside of the DishCard,
go ahead and
take what we've just learned as far as
converting a component over to TypeScript.
And then importing the define components
method and just defining the types for
the dish.
>> Working through this, I was curious
how much of what we've just seen and
implemented is going to be similar
when using the Composition API?
>> A lot of the things we're doing upfront
right now is to basically accommodate
the Options API because we do provide
a lot of conventions with that.
Because for those who use Options API,
we're used to this keyword a lot and
this is as you know in JavaScript
is a diabolical concept.
So TypeScript gets super, super lost and
we try our best to hack around
that to make your lives easier.
But when it comes to Composition API,
I'm hoping that people will feel like it's
a more native integration with as far
as like using Vue with TypeScript.
Now I see Galena or
apologize if I mispronounced that but
I see that apparently, it's not as easy as
you expect it so I would love to hear from
you when the time comes and
as we're going through that.
But in the meantime, I think let's
go ahead and do the solution for
the exercise, shall we?
Okay, so for
those here in the DishCard, hopefully,
you didn't find this
exercise too difficult.
But basically, we're really repeating
what we did before in the RestaurantCard.
So the first thing first is
we wanna use TypeScript so
we're gonna do the language attribute.
And actually, there was a great question
earlier for those who might be newer
to Vue is that this language attribute is
not something that's specific to script.
Basically, Vue tries to use native
attributes within its component,
single file component as much as possible.
So the lang attribute can also be
used unlike style for example,
it's commonly used like preprocessors,
like lang sass, for example, or for
those that use pug might be lang pug.
And we'll see that actually,
the attributes inside of these single file
component blocks can be
basically anything you want.
And so people have done some pretty
interesting things to create some custom
attributes and we'll be using one later
on in the course to show you that so.
Okay, next thing we got to do is to get
to import define component from Vue cuz
we gotta tell TypeScript, hey, we're using
this Options API component wrapper thing.
So please, this is what it is.
And so if you haven't hovered over it,
you'll see that there's
a lot going on in here.
And that is because once again, we're
trying to help TypeScript navigate all of
the guardrails that we
set up with Options API.
Once we have that, we wanna actually make
sure that we have the type for the dish so
all I'm gonna do is go
on to the dish page and
we're gonna grab the dish from up here.
And so as we can see here,
I actually I think I memorized it so
we have a type of dish and
that has an ID of string,
that has a name of string and
it has a status with string as well.
And that's all it is.
And so to actually apply that now to our
object, this is where we're gonna practice
our as type casting and
we're gonna want the PropType.
And so what we need to do
is import that from Vue.
Now, something that actually
worth noting though is you
might have been compelled to
do it like this originally.
And so this feels normal because this
is how we typically import stuff within
JavaScript.
But you'll notice though,
is that it's yelling at us because it's
saying that this is not exactly
a traditional JavaScript value.
This is actually a type.
So as a result, it should be yelling
at you but we basically whenever
you see input type is because we're trying
to tell the compiler that hey, this thing,
you can basically ignore it.
You don't need to compile
it into anything.
Okay, so now that we have the PropType,
we're gonna use a greater than less
than symbol and then pass that in.
And then if we inspect now we can see
that our dish is a PropType dish.
And that's all there is to it.